README.md, before:

# Team Project H 2020 Group CS35
 Welcome to our Team Project. This projects aim is to provide a grading hub for the School of Chemistry at UofG.

 Data Entry Flow:

1. Create Degree.
2. Create Courses.
3. Create Assessments (Exam/Labs) for those courses.
4. Create Assessment Components (questions) for those Assessments.
5. Upload a grade Map for that exam.
6. Add Students to the course.
7. Once you have added students, you can either bulk upload marks for questions on the Exam section on the course page, or individually add/edit/delete from the student page.

### Running project locally

First clone the repository

 `$ git clone https://stgit.dcs.gla.ac.uk/tp3-2020-CS35/cs35-main.git`

Install Dependencies e.g. on Virtual Machine/server

 `$ pip install -r requirements.txt`

 When you have the required Depenencies for the enviroment we can run

 `$ python manage.py makemigrations chemapp`

 `$ python manage.py migrate`

The CMD below will generate some default admin and user accounts. NOT for production!
You will see a print out on the console of all the data used to populate the database, such as username and passwords for the temporary accounts.

  `$ python populate_user.py`

Run CMD below to start the WebApp.

 `$ python manage.py runserver`

 This will start our project. The site will be bare as this will be a fresh database file.

Commit message:

Updated readme and home page tutorial. Added a label for submission date in the add/edit grades form

README.md, after:

# Team Project H 2020 Group CS35
 Welcome to our Team Project. This projects aim is to provide a grading hub for the School of Chemistry at UofG.

 Data Entry Flow:


1. Add Staff Members. This also creates accounts that enable access to the site.
2. Create Degrees.
2. Create Courses.
3. Create Assessments (Exam/Labs) for those courses.
4. Create Assessment Components (Questions) for those Assessments.
5. Upload a Grade Map for that Assessment.
6. Add Students to the course.
7. Once you have added students you can then add the Grades for Assessment Components

*Most of these tasks can be done manually or via CSV upload. There is a template for you to copy paste on the upload page.

*All tasks can be Edited and Deleted if required by the user at any point.

*Staff can access their accounts by using their first and last name, without any spaces, as their username and their staff id as password. The passwords can be changed through the admin page

### Running project locally

First clone the repository

 `$ git clone https://stgit.dcs.gla.ac.uk/tp3-2020-CS35/cs35-main.git`

Install Dependencies e.g. on Virtual Machine/server

 `$ pip install -r requirements.txt`

 When you have the required Depenencies for the enviroment we can run

 `$ python manage.py makemigrations chemapp`

 `$ python manage.py migrate`

The CMD below will generate some default admin and user accounts. NOT for production!
You will see a print out on the console of all the data used to populate the database, such as username and passwords for the temporary accounts.

  `$ python populate_user.py`

Run CMD below to start the WebApp.

 `$ python manage.py runserver`

 This will start our project. The site will be bare as this will be a fresh database file.
